.\" Manual page for nvflux
.TH NVFLUX 1 "November 2025" "nvflux 1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
nvflux \- manage NVIDIA GPU profiles (safe, limited nvidia-smi helper)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nvflux
[\fICOMMAND\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
nvflux is a small, minimal setuid-root helper that allows unprivileged users to run
a constrained subset of nvidia-smi operations to change GPU persistence and memory
clock behaviour. It is intended for desktop use so users can switch GPU profiles
without sudo.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B performance
Lock GPU memory clocks to the highest supported value.
.TP
.B balanced
Lock GPU memory clocks to a mid-range supported value.
.TP
.B powersaver
Lock GPU memory clocks to the lowest supported value.
.TP
.B auto, reset
Reset memory clock locks so the driver can manage clocks automatically.
.TP
.B status
Show last saved profile for the calling (real) user.
.TP
.B clock
Print current GPU memory clock (MHz) as reported by nvidia-smi.
.TP
.B --restore
Reapply last saved profile for the calling user (reads ~/.local/state/nvflux/state).
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show help and exit.
.TP
.B -v, --version
Show version and exit.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Restore last saved profile on login:
.B exec --no-startup-id nvflux --restore
.TP
Switch to performance profile:
.B nvflux performance
.SH FILES
.TP
.B ~/.local/state/nvflux/state
Per-user saved profile (created/updated by nvflux).
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR nvidia-smi (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Habibi Med Wassim.
.SH LICENSE
See the LICENSE file distributed with this software.
